NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hello, Mrs. Elf.
Hello, Princess Holly.
Can Ben come out to play?
[THUDDING]
Sounds like he's on his way
down already.
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH LAUGH]
[♪♪♪]
Let's play
Princes and Princesses.
Okay.
I can be the princess
because I am a princess.
And I can be the prince.
Yes. I'll turn you
into a prince by magic.
Can't we just pretend
I'm a prince?
No. Magic is much better.
Abraca Zobbedy
Oh. I seem to have turned Ben
into a frog.
[CROAKS]
[SIGHS]
I always get frogs
and princes mixed up.
Ben, if you can hear me
croak.
[CROAKS]
Good. I'm going to get help.
Wait here.
[BUZZING]
[GULPS]
[SCATTING]
Nanny Plum, come quick.
I've turned Ben into a frog.
Oh, good. You've been practicing
your magic.
No, no. It was an accident.
Ben is not happy
being a frog.
Frogs are never happy.
Can you help me turn Ben
into himself again?
All right, now calm down.
I'll fetch my wand
while you wait with Ben.
Okay.
Make sure he doesn't hop off.
Frogs do that.
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
Oh, no. Ben's gone.
Now I'll never find Ben
and he'll be a frog forever.
Hi, Holly.
Hello, Violet.
What's wrong?
I've turned Ben into a frog,
and he's hopped off
somewhere.
Hmm. He'll be at the pond.
That's where frogs live.
Of course.
Come on,
let's go and find him.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
[♪♪♪]
Holly, look.
Yes. That must be Ben.
Hello, Ben.
I hear you've been naughty
and got yourself turned
into a frog.
You really should have waited
like I told you.
Yes. Poor Holly
was really worried.
Oh. Maybe this frog
isn't Ben.
Maybe that one looks a bit
like Ben.
But so does that one.
[ALL CROAKING]
[SIGHS]
They all look the same.
We'll never find Ben.
VIOLET:
Look. One of them
is wearing a hat.
[CROAKS]
VIOLET:
Does Ben wear a hat?
Hmm. I think so.
Holly. Don't you know?
He's your best friend.
Yes, Ben wears a hat.
Hi, Ben.
If it's really you
do a croak.
[CROAKS]
At last.
You've no idea
what a time we've had
trying to find you.
[CROAKS]
Now, Ben, don't worry.
Nanny Plum
will be here soon.
And she knows the spell
to turn you back again.
We don't need Nanny Plum.
I know lots of spells.
Uh, Violet, I think
we should just wait for nanny.
No, no, no.
Turning frogs back into elves
is easy-peasy.
Watch this.
Zabbedy Zee
Turn yourself
Into whatever you be
You see?
I told you I could do it.
Well done, Violet.
Argh. That was horrible.
I was a frog.
And I was eating flies.
Oh. I don't think my spell
is quite finished.
[SQUEALS]
BOTH: Oh.
Ben's turned into a bird.
That wasn't meant to happen.
[SQUEALS]
HOLLY:
Now we will never,
ever find him.
[BOTH SIGH]
Hi, Holly and Violet.
BOTH:
Hello, Barnaby.
Have you seen Ben?
I want to play football
with him.
Uh, I don't think
you can play football
with a bird.
Bird?
Yes. Violet turned Ben
into a bird.
You changed him
into a frog first.
Well, anyway,
now he's flown away
and we will never find him.
It's very annoying.
Hmm. Birds live in trees.
So we need to look up
in the trees.
[CHIRPING]
BARNABY:
Strange.
One of the those birds
is wearing a hat.
[GULPS]
ALL:
That's Ben.
VIOLET:
But that nest is very high.
And we're not allowed
to fly high.
Then it's a lucky thing
I'm around.
Elves are very good at climbing,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH GIGGLE]
[♪♪♪]
Ben, is that you?
[SQUAWKS]
Easy now. Don't fly away.
HOLLY & VIOLET:
Hooray!
Now we just have to get Ben
turned back into Ben again.
[SQUAWKS]
I've got a very good idea.
If we both do a spell
together...
Yes. That would be fun.
BOTH:
Abraca Zabbedy
Argh. That was disgusting.
I was a little bird
and I was eating worms.
Oh, I don't think our spell
is quite finished.
Ben's turned into a rabbit.
[SQUEAKS]
[SIGHS]
Now he'll hop off somewhere
and we'll have to find him
all over again.
[SIGHS]
We're not having a good day.
What about poor Ben?
[SQUEAKING]
Goodness me, Holly.
I've been looking everywhere
for you.
Sorry, nanny.
But Ben kept wandering off
and we had to keep finding him.
I see.
So where's this frog that needs
to be turned back into Ben?
Uh, here.
[SQUEAKS]
But that's a rabbit.
Ben was a frog.
Then a bird.
And now he's turned himself
into a rabbit.
We've tried everything.
Well, it just shows
that you both need
a lot more spell practice.
BOTH:
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Fairies of your age
really should be able
to get a simple spell right.
BOTH:
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Watch and learn.
When you turned Ben
into a frog...
Abraca Zobbedy
You should not have turned him
into a bird.
Zabbedy Zee
And certainly not
into a rabbit.
Abraca Zabbedy
No. At the start,
you should have made him
Ben again.
Abraca Zobbedy Zabbedy Zee
ALL:
Hooray.
Phew. I'm glad that's over.
You see, girls? It's easy.
Anyone can do it.
Okay. Can I have another go?
No. If anyone can do it,
I want a go.
Oh, all right.
Holly, give Ben your wand.
But--
But elves don't do magic.
I'd like to give magic a go,
just this once.
NANNY PLUM:
That's the spirit, Ben.
Uh, into frogs.
Abraca Zobbedy
Phew. For a moment I thought
Ben was gonna turn us
into frogs.
Abraca Zobbedy
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[SIGHS]
It's no good.
Elves don't do magic.
Hmm. Maybe you just need
a teeny, tiny bit
of magical help.
Tricky Trick Trick
This young elf do magic
There.
Have another go, Ben.
Into frogs.
Abraca Zobbedy
Hey. It worked.
[BOTH CROAKING]
Into birds.
Zabbedy Zee
[BOTH CHIRPING]
And into rabbits.
Abraca Zabbedy
[BOTH SQUEAKING]
There. All finished.
Very good, Ben.
But haven't you forgotten
something?
Uh, what?
You need to turn them back
into girls again.
[BOTH SQUEAKING]
Do I?
Oh, okay then.
Abraca Zobbedy Zabbedy Zoo
Well done, Ben.
Did you two follow that?
Uh, yes, nanny.
I think so.
Good.
Anyone else want a try?
Yes, please.
Can I can have a go?
BOTH:
No.
How about a game
of football?
ALL:
Yes. Football.
And the rules say no magic.
BOTH:
Okay.
Yes, I think we've had
quite enough magic for one day.
[ALL GIGGLING]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
Food delivery!
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
I'm helping my dad today.
He's very busy.
Thank you, Mr. Elf.
Got to dash,
on to our next delivery.
Bye, Holly.
Bye, Ben.
Daddy, are you busy?
I'm King Thistle,
I'm always busy.
I have lots
of important work to do.
You're not working now.
I am.
I'm practicing
sitting still,
without falling asleep.
That's not work.
It is king's work.
And it's harder
than it looks.
Oh.
What else is king's work?
Making speeches, shaking hands,
and waving a lot.
[GIGGLES]
That sounds fun.
Can I help you work today?
Of course, Holly.
Oh, goody.
[♪♪♪]
Magic car, drive on
Now, the first job
for any king is waving.
It's a bit boring,
but you do it like this.
Oh, look. It's the king.
ALL:
Hello. Hello.
Hello.
It's Princess Holly. Hello.
[GIGGLES]
This is fun.
Yes.
A good wave will work wonders
wherever you go.
Where are we going?
Nanny Plum, what's the first
bit of work I'm doing today?
You're launching an elf boat,
Your Majesty.
How do you launch a boat?
I'll show you.
[♪♪♪]
Princess Holly,
and King Thistle.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
This is where
I make a speech.
[FEEDBACK ON SPEAKERS]
Ahem. Well done, elves,
for building this boat.
It, uh, looks
like a good one.
And I'm sure
you'll have a lot of,
uh, fun with it.
Jolly good show.
Now we smash a bottle
of sparkling fairy juice
against the side
of the boat.
Oh. But where
is the fairy juice?
[TRUCK HORN HONKS]
Sorry, Your Majesty,
We're very busy today.
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
Got to dash.
On to our next delivery.
Bye, Holly.
Bye.
[GIGGLING]
I declare this elf boat
well and truly launched.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
Daddy, what do we do now?
We shake hands,
and ask questions.
Hello, and what do you do?
I hammer metal,
Your Majesty.
How very interesting.
Hello. And what do you do?
I'm the ship's cook,
Your Majesty.
How very interesting.
[GIGGLES]
And what do you do?
I'm the captain,
Princess Holly.
How very interesting.
Daddy,
can we ride on the boat?
Please?
Good idea, Holly.
I never get to try
these things.
Captain, would it be possible
to ride on your boat, please?
It would be an honor,
Your Majesty.
[WHISTLING]
[RATTLING]
[♪♪♪]
[SHIP'S HORN BLOWING]
[QUACKING]
This is nice, Daddy.
Yes, it is rather nice,
isn't it?
I don't know why
I've never done this before.
Would you like some lunch,
Your Majesty?
Oh, yes. I am rather hungry.
Me too.
[PHONE RINGS]
Telephone for Your Majesty.
Someone called Nanny Plum?
NANNY PLUM: Hello.
Hello, Nanny Plum.
You're going to be late
for your appointment.
Yes, of course
Please hurry back.
Right away.
Bye.
Nanny says
I have to get back to work.
Oh. But, Daddy,
what about lunch?
I know.
But there's more important
king work to be done.
But, Daddy, you're king.
That means you're in charge.
[SHIP'S HORN BLOWING]
Ah, Holly,
everyone thinks
I'm in charge.
But really I get told
what to do all the time.
[♪♪♪]
When are we having lunch,
nanny?
There's no time for lunch,
Your Majesty.
You have to judge a fairy fruit
and vegetable competition.
How do you do that, Daddy?
How do I do that, nanny?
You pick the biggest.
[♪♪♪]
Princess Holly
and King Thistle.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
Here are the finalists,
Your Majesty.
This is a tomato.
Aah. Very, uh, big.
And this a strawberry.
KING:
Also very big
and, uh...
Red.
Now I have to make
another speech.
Ah.
[FEEDBACK ON SPEAKERS]
Well done, everybody,
for growing this, um, stuff.
It all looks, uh, very big.
[WHOOPING]
Now, without further ado,
I judge that the winner is...
The tomato.
Or perhaps the strawberry?
No, no, the tomato.
Daddy,
they keep using magic.
[TINKLING]
Yes.
This happens every time.
Why don't we just see
which one tastes the best?
What a good idea.
Let's taste them.
[GIGGLES]
It can be our lunch.
First the main course,
the tomato.
[MUNCHES]
[MUNCHING]
Mm. Delicious.
Now, for pudding,
the strawberry.
Mm. Scrumptious.
Yum, yum.
They're both so very tasty.
They both win.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
So where's the trophy?
[HORN HONKING]
Hope I'm not too late,
Your Majesty.
No, you're just in time.
Well done. Jolly good show.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly. Bye, Holly.
Bye.
Mm. That was delicious.
Now I'd like a little nap.
I'm sorry, Your Majesty,
there's no time for that.
But I'm tired, nanny.
You must make
another speech.
At the festival
of elf and Fairy dancing.
Oh. I don't know anything
about dancing,
How can I make a speech
about it?
Daddy, I can do a speech.
I've been watching you do it
all day.
Excellent.
You can make the speech, Holly.
[♪♪♪]
[CROWD MURMURING]
Princess Holly
and King Thistle.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
Look. Mr. Elf has brought
the musical instruments.
[CRASHING AND CLANGING]
Hi, Holly.
That was the last delivery.
Now we can play.
You might have finished, Ben,
but I'm still working.
Holly,
it's time for your speech.
[FEEDBACK ON SPEAKERS]
Hello,
you all look very nice,
and I hope
you have fun dancing today.
Uh...
Jolly good show.
ALL:
Hooray! Hooray!
[BAND PLAYS]
What happens now?
Now comes the hard bit.
We have to sit still
and not fall asleep.
In honor of Your Majesty,
we will now do a dance.
[BAND PLAYING]
How awful.
Even worse.
[CROWD WHOOPING
AND CLAPPING]
Very good. Very good.
Come on, Daddy, let's dance.
What? But I--
Well, all right.
Could you play something
a little bit more modern?
Right-o.
[BAND PLAYING
AND CROWD CHEERING]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
I like your work, Daddy.
It's fun.
Ho, ho. You're right, Holly,
king's work is fun.
Oh. That was a busy day.
Ho, ho. Yes it was.
[BOTH SNORING]
[♪♪♪]